Adds doc on composing functions (#277)
ease-lab/vhive: docs/adding_benchmarks_guide.md

 both are given in their appropriate sections. 

For Knative services which use gRPC, such as the producer and consumer in both the 
[serving](function-images/test/chained-function-serving/service-producer.yaml) and 
[eventing examples](function-images/test/chained-function-eventing/manifests/2-ksvc.yaml), you will
 need to use the `h2c` port translation.

vHive manifests must follow a specific structure, and they rely on hosting a guest image on a stub 
image in order to work. See [this hello-world example](configs/knative_workloads/helloworld.yaml) 
for a typical vHive manifest. You must use `h2c` port translation, and specify your function as a 
guest image environment variable. The guest port variable must match the containerPort associated 
with the h2c, and the core container image must be `crccheck/hello-world:latest`. Because of these 
restrictions, you cannot use environment variables to interact with your function when using a 
vHive manifest, and this is also why we advise against relying on environment variables in general
 throughout the process of bringing up your workload.

### Tracing

> Tracing is an optional system for gathering timing data in your cluster. Knative can easily be 
> extended to export tracing data to a system such as [Zipkin](https://zipkin.io/), but you should 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tracing allows gathering timing data in your cluster. In vHive, we export tracing data to [Zipkin](https://zipkin.io/)
for visualization. To support tracing throughout functions, one should instrument their functions
with the calls to vHive's tracing [module](utils/tracing). 
One can see instrumentation in the Serving and Eventing [examples](function-images/tests) that vHive provides.
```

> also add opentelemetry/zipkin instrumentation to your functions to fully support the system. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> We have a simple [tracing utility](utils/tracing) to make the adding tracing to your workloads 
> easier, though if you want to develop a more involved system you will need to refer to the 
> [Opentelemetry documentation](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/). If you're using the tracing utility
>  the process is very simple:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
vHive provides a [tracing module](utils/tracing) that can be used to instrument various functions. The module relies on [Opentelemetry](https://opentelemetry.io) that is a standard propelled by the CNCF community. In future, vHive is going to provide tracing modules in a wide range of languages (external contributions are welcome).

One can enable tracing by following these steps:
```

   `InitCustomTracer`.
2. If your function is a server, include the server interceptor instrumentation during definition. 
   Example:
   ```go
   grpcServer := grpc.NewServer(grpc.UnaryInterceptor(otelgrpc.UnaryServerInterceptor()))
   ```
3. If your function is a client, include client interceptor instrumentation when connecting to a 
   server. Example:
   ```go
   conn, err := grpc.Dial(fmt.Sprintf("%v:%v", ps.consumerAddr, ps.consumerPort), 
                   grpc.WithInsecure(), grpc.WithUnaryInterceptor(otelgrpc.UnaryClientInterceptor()))
   ```

You can check the 
[producer in our serving example](/function-images/tests/chained-function-serving/producer/producer.go) 
for example usage of this utility for both server and client behaviour.

## Serving
To compose functions with serving we make use of the 
[Knative Serving component](https://knative.dev/docs/serving/). Each of our functions will 
effectively be a server for the functions that come before it, and a client of the functions that 
come after. For example in a simple chain of functions `A -> B -> C`, B would be a client of 
function C and a server for function A.

> our example of function composition using serving can be found 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The serving function composition example can be found 
```

- Dockerize your functions
- Write Knative manifests

### RPC Implementation
As mentioned in the general guidelines, your functions will communicate with RPC calls. In 
[our serving example](function-images/test/chained-function-serving) we use gRPC with protobuf to 
achieve this.

In serving, each "link" in your chain of functions needs to implement a protobuf service. For 
example in a chain `A -> B -> C` the A-B link will be one service and the B-C link will be a second
 service. You should define a 
 [proto file](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/proto3) for these services, and 
 use it to generate code with `protoc`. You can see an example 
 [here](function-images/test/chained-function-serving/proto).

Implement the appropriate server or client service from the generated proto code in your functions 
and remember that some functions such as the 
[producer in our example](function-images/test/chained-function-serving/producer/producer.go) will 
need to be both a server of one proto service and a client of another proto service simultaneously.

### Dockerizing Functions
Every function needs to be built as a docker image. Refer to the general guidelines.

> 

Reviewer: remove because it's a repetition, just add give a reference to the images of the example somewhere above.

[Knative docs](https://knative.dev/docs/serving/getting-started-knative-app/) and see 
[our example manifests](function-images/tests/chained-function-serving/service-producer.yaml) for 
support. Remember to include the `h2c` port translation if you used gRPC. We recommend avoiding the
 usage of environment variables if you want to work with vHive.

### Deployment
We recommend following the [vHive developers guide](docs/developers_guide.md) to set up your 
workload. When deploying your functions from your Knative manifests you can make sure that they are
 working with `kn service list` and `kn service describe <name>`.

If Knative is struggling to make revisions of your pods (e.g. your service is labeled as 
unschedulable) you might be using the wrong ports in your function. Double-check your Knative 
manifests and your function code. You should be serving on port 80 by default, or checking the 
$PORT environment variable which is will be set by Knative when deploying your function.

If you notice that some pods are stuck on pending (e.g. by using `kubectl get pods -A`) you might 
have exhausted system resources. This can occur in situations where you have too many pods or 

> containers running on your system (e.g. if you work from within `kind` containers on cloudlab), or 

Reviewer: give a reference to the dev's guide

      kind: Service
      name: my-kservice
      namespace: my-namespace
```

- A Trigger is a link between a broker and a _subscriber_ that relays the incoming CloudEvents to 
the broker after filtering them on certain attributes, commonly `type` and `source` but possibly 
also any other 
[attribute extensions](https://github.com/cloudevents/spec/blob/master/primer.md#cloudevent-attributes).
- A Trigger must be in the same namespace with the broker it is attached to, but can relay 
CloudEvents to any 
[_addressable_](https://github.com/knative/specs/blob/main/specs/eventing/interfaces.md#addressable)
 _subscriber_ in any namespace.

### Deployment
- While deploying a SinkBinding, best wait until the _sink_ ("receiver") is ready and thus has an 
address that the SinkBinding can use.
    - Services that depend during initialization on the environment variables injected by the 
    SinkBinding might fail (repeatedly) upon deployment until a relevant SinkBinding is applied; 
    that is normal.
- While deploying a Trigger, best wait until both the _broker_ and the _subscriber_ ("receiver") 
are ready.

## Other recommendations
### Docker Compose

> Optionally, you may choose to include a docker-compose manifest which helps with testing your 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One may include a docker-compose manifest which helps with testing 
```

containerPort associated with the h2c, and the core container image must be 
`crccheck/hello-world:latest`. Because of these restrictions environment variables cannot be used
to interact with one's functions when using a vHive manifest, and this is also why it is advised
that relying on environment variables in general is avoided throughout the process of bringing up a
workload.

### Tracing
Tracing allows gathering timing data in a cluster. In vHive, we export tracing data to 
[Zipkin](https://zipkin.io/) for visualization. To support tracing throughout functions, one should
instrument their functions with the calls to vHive's [tracing module](utils/tracing). One can see
instrumentation in the Serving and Eventing [examples](function-images/tests) that vHive provides.

vHive provides a [tracing module](utils/tracing) that can be used to instrument various functions. 
The module relies on [Opentelemetry](https://opentelemetry.io) that is a standard propelled by the 
CNCF community. In future, vHive is going to provide tracing modules in a wide range of languages 
(external contributions are welcome).

> One can enable tracing by following these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One can enable tracing by following these steps (example is for Golang):
```

1. Initialise the tracer:
   ```go
   shutdown := tracing.InitBasicTracer(*url, "producer")
   defer shutdown()
   ```
   The url provided should point to the zipkin span collector service, e.g. 
   `http://localhost:9411/api/v2/spans` if one hosts zipkin locally (e.g. as a Docker 
   container). See the [zipkin quickstart](https://zipkin.io/pages/quickstart).

   The basic tracer can be used for most applications, and in cases where one wants to provide 
   additional attributes or wishes to specify a different sampling rate they can use 
   `InitCustomTracer`.
2. If the function is a server, include the server interceptor instrumentation during definition. 
   Example:
   ```go
   grpcServer := grpc.NewServer(grpc.UnaryInterceptor(otelgrpc.UnaryServerInterceptor()))
   ```
3. If the function is a client, include client interceptor instrumentation when connecting to a 
   server. Example:
   ```go
   conn, err := grpc.Dial(fmt.Sprintf("%v:%v", ps.consumerAddr, ps.consumerPort), 

>                    grpc.WithInsecure(), grpc.WithUnaryInterceptor(otelgrpc.UnaryClientInterceptor()))

Reviewer: unaligned whitespace

achieve this.

In serving, each "link" in a chain of functions needs to implement a protobuf service. For 
example in a chain `A -> B -> C` the A-B link will be one service and the B-C link will be a second
service. One should define a 
[proto file](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/proto3) for these services, and 
use it to generate code with `protoc`. An example can be seen
[here](function-images/test/chained-function-serving/proto).

One should implement the appropriate server or client service from the generated proto code in 
their functions and remember that some functions such as the 
[producer in the example](function-images/test/chained-function-serving/producer/producer.go) will 
need to be both a server of one proto service and a client of another proto service simultaneously.

### Knative Manifests
One will need a Knative service definition for each of their functions. Refer to the 
[Knative docs](https://knative.dev/docs/serving/getting-started-knative-app/) and see the
[example manifests](function-images/tests/chained-function-serving/service-producer.yaml) for 

> support. Remember to include the `h2c` port translation if gRPC is used. We recommend avoiding the
> usage of environment variables if one wants to work with vHive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
support.
```

  filter:
    attributes:
      type: my-cloudevent-type
      source: my-cloudevent-source
      my-custom-extension: my-custom-value
  subscriber:
    ref:
      apiVersion: serving.knative.dev/v1
      kind: Service
      name: my-kservice
      namespace: my-namespace
```

- A Trigger is a link between a broker and a _subscriber_ that relays the incoming CloudEvents to 
the broker after filtering them on certain attributes, commonly `type` and `source` but possibly 
also any other 
[attribute extensions](https://github.com/cloudevents/spec/blob/master/primer.md#cloudevent-attributes).
- A Trigger must be in the same namespace with the broker it is attached to, but can relay 
CloudEvents to any 
[_addressable_](https://github.com/knative/specs/blob/main/specs/eventing/interfaces.md#addressable)
 _subscriber_ in any namespace.

### Deployment
- While deploying a SinkBinding, best wait until the _sink_ ("receiver") is ready and thus has an 
address that the SinkBinding can use.
    - Services that depend during initialization on the environment variables injected by the 
    SinkBinding might fail (repeatedly) upon deployment until a relevant SinkBinding is applied; 

>     that is normal.

Reviewer: leading whitespace

Author: I think this one is correct?
